---
#layout: post
title: "About Me"
date: 2022-09-28
categories: [About Me]
---

## Hello!
Hey everyone! My name's Lucy and I am a 3rd year student at the University of Manchester, studying Computer Science.

My current interests are in *Machine Learning* and *Computer Graphics*, however I honestly just love problem solving. Any challenge that gets me excited and interested, will get me hooked for hours. That's why I love software engineering, as you've always got more problems to solve and solutions to invent.

I love to write, both code and creative writing, but I love the creativity that is used in both of them. Ever since primary school, I've known that I like to take a problem and be innovative with it; let it be an art project or a university coursework.

I am have experience in Full Stack development - I appreciate the flexibility this gives me, which helps me solve my problems in so many different ways. I like to think all the way from user experience on the frontend, to efficiency or the structure of the backend.

Teaching, or mentoring, has always been something I've loved doing. From helping my friends with their maths homework, to my first industry job working for Hive Manchester, I thrive when helping others achieve their potential.  
I've learnt how to use examples and changing perspectives to help people find new ways to think about their problems.  

I have always loved to learn, and I feel like you can never stop learning or improving yourself. University is great because you're constantly shown new softwares, techniques, and ways of thinking. I never want to stop learning, and I relish any opportunity to be pushed out of my comfort zone - and improve myself as I go. 😊

Now that you're done here, feel free to look around this place! This is my blog to show people a little more about myself, at least more than can fit on a CV or my LinkedIn profile.  
If you have any questions, please do email me - I'm always happy to talk!